1436790/1438462: Part 30: 13 files with MSDN link fixes. (#10467)
dotnet/docs: docs/visual-basic/misc/bc36001.md

ms.assetid: d515daa2-f53d-424c-81fd-e9c4b12f331b
---
# 'Global' not allowed in this context; identifier expected

> The [Global](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/visualstudio/visual-studio-2008/k701czy1(v=vs.90)) keyword is used in a statement where it is not allowed.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Global](../programming-guide/program-structure/namespaces.md#global-keyword-in-fully-qualified-names) keyword is used in a statement where it is not allowed.  
```

-   Remove the `Global` keyword from the statement. It is not needed.  
  
## See also

> - [Global](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/visualstudio/visual-studio-2008/k701czy1(v=vs.90))

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- [Global keyword](../programming-guide/program-structure/namespaces.md#global-keyword-in-fully-qualified-names)
```
